Okay, let's go. First thing first, open
the editor.
Go to games. Select third person.
Rename the project game.
Now, let's move here. Go to file, new
level. Select empty level.
Go here to the landscape mode.
created landscape.
Now go to the own window
environment light mixer.
Okay. Return to selection mode.
Save this current level. This one envir
selection. What?
Make it right here.
Let's add my third person character
actor.
[Music]
Now let's go here.
Add starter content
content. Starter content at the project.
Once it's done, go ahead to start the
content.
Choose from materials.
Now select the landscape. This once it's
selected,
go down and change the landscape
material
where tail.
This one.
Select this.
Go down.
Press this button.
After doing this,
we have to return here
to the content and go add the tab.
Search for material.
Okay, let's search for clean food
or filter set the price to free
download materials. Okay, let's start
this one. Add the project.
This one.
Okay, now let's start building our cave
after this material from the
marketplace.
First thing first, go here to the base.
Go to the blueprint.
[Music]
Okay.
Change the position. Rotate this
character.
Okay.
Now after that we have to go here. Add
level sequencer
silk one.
Now after that
let's go here and add the camera.
Drag the camera right here.
The character
make them this place.
No, it's just up to
Okay, now
let's begin working.
Go here
to the content
app and select stat mix.
To add this static mesh, we have first
thing first. We have to go here.
Enable this one. Go to filter.
Select this.
Select all of them. Make sure to enable
nite.
Fine. Nate is enabled.
Now let's go.
Let's close this sequ
to main view port
and let's add
materials to create this cave.
like this. I think
Select this. Press Alt. Duplicate it.
Okay. After selecting this, duplicate
and this place and rotate it as a
[Music]
Okay, let's see.
Okay.
Okay. Let's fix this error. I have to
change this.
Okay. Return here to the fab guns.
Let's add this here.
Duplicate it.
Okay, let's see. Let's
go near.
Let's fix this part
by adding this Let's
go back now.
Make this one new.
Is she
the ticket service?
All of them.
and press act.
Okay, now
let's go right here.
Make this in this place.
I'll here
take down this one here.
And finally,
let's
add this here.
Go right here
and add this.
Okay, I think it's fine.
Now this is a simple
uh game creation.
Rotate this rock.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, what's the problem?
Let's make this
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
is simple
give design. You can use it in
cinematics.
Okay, it looks realistic.
Okay, this is all for this video. right
now. Thank you for watching. See you
later on the next video.